oh my god this is the big fish you guys
fix this man big fish man he's got a big
fish on look at the rod benin man oh my
god she's been and that is a big fish
isn't it p I don't know what I saw it
looks like a big fish to me man here he
comes oh nice must have a nice nice
muscular nice musky Pete oh my gosh is
that a gorgeous fish buddy look at that
musky Wow look at that guy go on the old
reliable white tube oh yeah tube we have
areas beautiful fish all right repeating
okay let's have oh I'll tell you want
women to believe this yeah isn't that
gorgeous man those Eagle Lake fish Rob
aren't they fat it's a beautiful fish
hey Rob check out that tail see all
those tails kind of messed up on the top
there why is that a gorgeous fish p yeah
yeah that's a big fish room that's a big
facelift that's a big very bottom hey
Rob he's got a big ride only just home
look at that big he's something up there
you guys in the favor good job you guys
all right look at old Ralph he handles
his own fish there man and not a beauty
I mean what a beautiful fish I love that
up here now you've been muskie fishing
for days how many of you got a 70 I know
that is gorgeous but no Andy Meyers
lodge what a place to come a lot of
place to come what can you say and that
gorgeous hold about just a little bit
there you know the pretty coloring on
these fish Rob is pretty dress you
didn't know about fishing right here hey
you way to go baby good fish good fish
buddy quiz hi man you can either fravel
i'll get back here and help you out here
we go and we're a beautiful
I look at that fish is that gorgeous
Danny now this is this unusually big for
this Lake here this one no not at all
boy look at that fish and look at the
gorgeous color on that fit help that's a
good except dude I'll tell you what that
was fun to watch oh look at that why can
you name yourself there buddy I'm retie
in here now look at this wall I folks
this is just a gorgeous look at the size
of that wall I'd you actually get an
opportunity later in the summer where
you can catch these on surface streets
in the evening right oh yeah oh yeah for
sure that is cool look at the size of
that fish buddy there we go look haha
very oh this one's fighting good man
this one's here he comes whoa there you
go look at that rod Bennett look at that
wall I'd look at that wall idea is that
a gorgeous fish buddy look at that folks
boy is that a beautiful session I'll
tell you what mething hit and hug on
there and no question at all I almost
felt like a rock and then mail when you
set the hook that fish really didn't
move perfectly hook too huh that's fun
of that jerk leave this fish man whoa
look at that bass oh that is cool dude
there we go there we go and that is a
beautiful fish folks look at that size
of that bass so off you go oh yeah yeah
yo you need the net here let me grab and
that's a pretty fish but you know what
you're showing me today is the
versatility of Eagle well you know all
sorts a nice big fishing I'm in there
you know what they're fairly
unpressurized with the bass hardly doing
no there we go yeah oh right out of the
boat if you put that jerk shad I did you
that Gulf jerk shad yeah look at how fat
that thing is big pre-spawn female you
know what is so nice folks too is there
is so much shoreline wild try when
you're talking about an 80 mile lake
I'll bet you some of these shorelines
never even get fished in a whole year
you know
that no look how fat they look at the
gun on that thing that fish is only
about 14 inches long but that just puts
in three pounds longer yeah 15-16
beautiful fish buddy